---
layout: post
title:  "1.1.0 released"
date:   2019-08-14 12:00:00
author: Ilyaki
---
Update v1.1.0 has just been released!

Download it [here](https://github.com/UniversalSplitScreen/UniversalSplitScreen/releases).

Changelog:
- Added startup hooks. These hooks are injected before a process runs, so are used for hooks that need to change the startup behaviour of a game.
	- FindWindow hook: This will prevent a game detecting if another instance's window already exists.
	- DirectInput hook: Hooks the DirectInput API which is used for controller input by most old games.

- Added a DirectInput to XInput translation hook. Most games use XInput for controller input, but it is limited to a maximum of 4 controllers. DirectInput doesn't have a controller limit, so this hook allows you to use more than 4 controllers.
	- DirectInput doesn't support input from both triggers simultaneously, so you may have to configure your controls accordingly.

- Fixed modifier keys (e.g. Shift/Ctrl/Alt) not working in Minecraft and some other games.

- Fixed crashing on Windows 7 due to xinput1_4.dll missing and Visual C++ redistributables.

- Added option to autofill the handle name in the handle unlocker.

- Added option to unlock multiple handles at a time by separating with 5 and symbols: &&&&&

- Added utility for quickly editing the Goldberg Emulator account name and Steam ID.

- Added a GetKeyboardState hook to fix some games listening to input from multiple keyboards.

- Toggle window borders will now completely trim the window borders.

- Improved sending Windows activate messages for some games.

- Improved presets for Goldsrc games (e.g. Half-Life and Sven Co-op).

- Fixed the GetForegroundWindow hook crashing some games.

- Improved the GetForegroundWindow hook with more compatibility.

- Fixed being able to accidentally open the start menu by one keyboard pressing Ctrl and the other Esc.

- Improved Raw input filter by faking window focus within the input.

- Added automatic update checking at start up. (Can be turned off in the About page).
